hey is anyone in our audience wearing
Spanx the you know what those are right
yeah you are okay all right she's honest
well this is something you might be
interested in this is a real product put
it up on the screen these are Spanx arm
tights you might be familiar with arm
tights by their other name which is
sleeves but yeah I think of him credits
Macy's always coming up with new and
exciting body parts for women to feel
ashamed of and not only do they have
Spanx forearm tights now they're also
coming out with Spanx for another
troublesome part of the anatomy you
trust Thanks to shape your legs backside
tummy hips and arms but what about these
ugly bulges on my face though they're
cheeks
Oh yuck right well now there's some face
banks face Spanx shapes and tones your
face so it's not recognizable of the
lumpy old face anymore my cheeks are so
smooth now but my lips are too flat face
Spanx also comes with duct lip this is
great I finally feel pretty no I mean
power yeah face Bank thanks for your
face do not operate a vehicle while
wearing these things
all right hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever